---
title: "0/9 | James White - Hospital Station"
tags: 1962, science fiction, James White (1962-1999), 
---

# Plot: 0/9. 
## Chapter 1 Plot-Character-World-Average, 6465. I would give a higher score if the author could cut more verbose words, add more conflicts and drama, and let O'Mara solve his case alone with high costs!
### Cause
O'Mara had to take care of a 6-month-old giant alien baby (Hudlar, FROB) in his sleeping compartment whose parents just died in a construction accident of joining two sections operated by O'Mara. Caxton, the sector chief, sent Waring, his younger colleague, to inform him of this bad news as well as bring him the feeders. O'Mara had to spray the feeder over the hide of the baby, making his compartment full of sharp smell. Caxton commanded that he should put the baby in his compartment rather than in the space which Hudlarians could stand. Caxton was suspicious of O'Mara's innocence and denounced him as a troublemaker. He had to make sure the safety of the baby in case monitors, the extra-terrestrial investigators, would make trouble with him.


### 1st Obstacle
Dr. Pelling treated his injured leg and promised to give him a book on Hudlarian first aid handbook through Waring's delivery. The infant kept creating discordant foghorn to remind O'Mara of feeding him every 2 hours, so he hadn't got a good sleep for fifty-seven hours. He finally could not constrain his anger due to weariness and beat the baby who was crying for the unknown reason. It worked somehow and gave O'Mara a good sleep spanning 16 hours. Driven by the fear that his beating caused the infant's 20-hour sleep, he opened the book and knew that his furious attack just means gentle pat which was required for the infant. Its long sleep was normal for FROB: They sleeped for five days and were wakeful for 2 days. He needed to find ways to provide the infant with bathes and pats regularly in the next 4 days. 


### 2nd Obstacle
Caxton invited him at the beginning of the sixth week to question him about his massive usage of water. O'Mara replied by demonstrating how he washed the infant. O'Mara found a texture and color he'd never seen before on the infant's hide. He concealed his gadgets of patting. Caxton told him that monitors would visit him at hour nine tomorrow.


### 3nd Obstacle
The blue-gray patch had grown bigger and made the infant felt itched. He found on book that it's generated by the unabsorbed food particles. So he followed instructions on the book but it could not impede the spread of the disease.

Since nobody liked him in this area, they would definitely blamed him for the infant's sickness and then assumed him responsible for its parents' death. He had to rely on himself to treat the infant. So O'Mara attempted to adjust the gravity grid for the baby's sake.

However, Craythorne, the monitor, tried to talk to him in advance at this moment. He questioned him about the abrupt change in characteristics. He replied he was a pretty good-of-thumb psychologist who was not satisfied with this job. 

At the same time, he had to endure heavy atmosphere pressure due to the fault of grid throughout the entire interrogation.
He tried hard to pat the baby, only to crush the ceiling above the baby. He demanded worried and confused Craythorne to give him six hours to cure the baby, but Craythorne told him that the Major came here along with Hudlarian doctors. 

### Final
O'Mara told the Major he hounded Waring because he found his fifty colleagues wrapped Waring in a cotton wool, which was harmful to his psychology actually. So he felt it unsurprised that Waring would testify to the truth. The baby was diagnosed right and O'Mara did the proper treatment, but the disease could be only recovered under the home planet. 

The Major offered him a job as a psychologist for the hospital.

## Chapter 2 7798

Conway suffered from his tape.

Conway was dispatched to kill the monster.


# Core: 0/9. 



# Character: 0/9. 



# World and Others: 0/9. 



# Overall: 0/9. 


